but the myths you will need a dash of
Worcestershire sauce we 2 tbsp of tomato
puree in one clove of garlic crushed are
misusing paste 1 large onion chopped
Taylor spoons of mixed herbs some salt
and some black pepper 400 grams of
chopped tomatoes three medium carrots
chopped into cubes lastly 500 grams of
minced beef the mash you will need 1 kg
of potato just going to chunks 75 grams
of butcher sleep half a cup of milk
something I've just got some slices of
cheese this is optional to you if you
want to use it firstly you are pre you
over to 190 degrees or gas mark 5 now
heat a large saucepan or frying pan over
medium heat an excuse two tablespoons of
oil the oil is heated up you can add
your onions and you got it now that is
like the flying soften when two cars of
software now arguments you two are
lightly Brown you mins once you meet all
about now add the chopped tomatoes
tomato puree and black pepper salt and
mixed herbs and a generous splashes was
just a source now I've mix all these
readings together once everything is
mixed together the next simmer for 30
minutes when it means this simmering in
a large saucepan with half full with
water you will put your mashed potatoes
but will be a mashed potato and a good
dash of salt
let this cook to a boil once the bridge
is already we can now put them through a
colander just like this it's very hot
like just let it cool a few minutes now
thats giggle cool down stomach the mash
alpha be combined in the stand mixer so
in the boy will put your mashed potatoes
you butcher and glass cup of milk now
for my match to the mixer with this
we're gonna be using a balloon whisk so
let's turn it on I'm going to meet your
speed about to just let it do its thing
for the next 52 minutes if you make you
understand mixer halfway to the process
just more lift the bowl up you scrape
down the sideline spatula just like this
just turn it back on again
now that mash is ready just want to give
it one more mixing of sleep outside now
that I mash is ready we can bring our
midst over I'm just using a deep
casserole dish just put it in like this
just even out everywhere just like this
nice and soft where you mash on like
this spread over now that will mash on
I'm just even to all out this can go
inside you over now now Kapoor our pie
inside the oven in the middle rock
sleeve in there for 20 to 30 minutes
here we have a lovely shepherd's pie
you